docs:#1333 setting required keys to empty string with iam roles (#1400)
redpanda-data/documentation: versioned_docs/version-22.2/data-management/tiered-storage.mdx

After cloud storage is enabled and configured, you can either enable Tiered Storage on a cluster, or simply enable Tiered Storage on a topic with a single command.

### Configure cloud storage

<Tabs>
    <TabItem value="S3" label="Amazon S3" default>

Configure access to Amazon S3 using either an IAM role attached to the instance or access keys.

To configure access to an S3 bucket with an IAM role: 

1. Configure an [IAM role](../../security/iam-roles). 

2. Run the `rpk cluster config edit` command, then edit the following required properties:

   ```properties

>    cloud_storage_enabled: true
>    cloud_storage_credentials_source: <aws_instance_metadata>
>    cloud_storage_region: <region>
>    cloud_storage_bucket: <redpanda_bucket_name>
>    cloud_storage_access_key: ""
>    cloud_storage_secret_key: ""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   cloud_storage_enabled: true
   cloud_storage_credentials_source: aws_instance_metadata
   cloud_storage_region: <region>
   cloud_storage_bucket: <redpanda_bucket_name>
```

After cloud storage is enabled and configured, you can either enable Tiered Storage on a cluster, or simply enable Tiered Storage on a topic with a single command.

### Configure cloud storage

<Tabs>
    <TabItem value="S3" label="Amazon S3" default>

> Configure access to Amazon S3 with either an IAM role attached to the instance or with access keys.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configure access to Amazon S3. Use either access keys or an IAM role attached to the instance.
```

> Configure access to Amazon S3 with either an IAM role attached to the instance or with access keys.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configure access to Amazon S3 with an IAM role attached to the instance or with access keys.
```

  </TabItem>
      <TabItem value="GCS" label="Google Cloud Storage" default>

Configure access to Google Cloud Storage with either an IAM role attached to the instance or with access keys.

To configure access to Google Cloud Storage with an IAM role: 

1. Configure an [IAM role](../../security/iam-roles). 

2. Run the `rpk cluster config edit` command, then edit the following required properties:

   ```properties
   cloud_storage_enabled: true
   cloud_storage_credentials_source: <gcp_instance_metadata>
   cloud_storage_region: <region>
   cloud_storage_bucket: <redpanda_bucket_name>
   cloud_storage_access_key: ""
   cloud_storage_secret_key: ""
   ```
   :::note notes
   - Replace `<variables>` with your own values.
   - Because `cloud_storage_access_key` and `cloud_storage_secret_key` are required, set them to an empty string (`""`).
   :::

To configure access to Google Cloud Storage with access keys instead of an IAM role:

1. Choose a uniform access control when you create the bucket. 
2. Use a Google-managed encryption key. 
3. Set a [default project](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/migrating#defaultproj). 

> 4. Create a service user with [HMAC keys](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/authentication/managing-hmackeys) and copy the access key and secret key for the `cloud_storage_access_key` and `cloud_storage_secret_key` cluster properties.

Reviewer 2: Need an SME to weigh in:
(I got this from the [HMAC keys overview](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/authentication/hmackeys).)

I think the user has to create a service account first, then create an HMAC key associated with that account.
One HMAC key has two pieces: an access ID and a secret. This is the language Google uses instead of "access key" and "secret key".

How about:
```suggestion
4. Create a service account and associate an [HMAC key](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/authentication/managing-hmackeys) with the account.
```
Do we want to tell users to copy and paste the access ID and the secret in a temporary file, and then copy and paste from the file to the cluster config? (Same issue with the AWS instructions - think about how the user will do this.)

You must configure or verify the following properties before you use Tiered Storage:

* `cloud_storage_enabled` - Global flag that enables Tiered Storage. Set to true to enable Tiered Storage. Default is false. 

> * `cloud_storage_access_key` - Cloud storage access key. Required for authentication with access keys.<br/>For authentication with IAM roles, set to an empty string (`""`).
> * `cloud_storage_secret_key` - Cloud storage secret key. Required for authentication with access keys.<br/>For authentication with IAM roles, set to an empty string (`""`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `cloud_storage_access_key` - Cloud storage access key. Required for authentication with access keys.<br/>Ignored for authentication with IAM roles.
* `cloud_storage_secret_key` - Cloud storage secret key. Required for authentication with access keys.<br/>Ignored for authentication with IAM roles.
```
